Flesh out docs a bit (#168)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/guide/functions.md

let add = (x, y) => x + y
```

> A function can perform a series of actions. One thing to note about functions in Grain is that they always return the result of the final expression in the function body, without needing an explicit `return`. In fact, the `return` keyword doesn't exist in Grain!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function can perform a series of actions. One thing to note about functions in Grain is that they always return the result of the final expression in the function body, without needing an explicit `return` statement.
```
